Hello, freak bitches. In all this traveling. Yeah.
Did you come out of this with anything.
You know, a few things for.
Sure. Cause you seem to like to tell you from the outside,
you seem like almost like you, uh, had a different purse.
You also you've seemed, I don't know, man.
It was nice to see you when I first saw you when you came back,
but you seemed like a little different, he seemed like you, um, I don't know.
You've seen another level of stuff, you know, like you see,
you've got another level of perspective from this travel thing that like added
to your, your vision of the world, your,
your whole overall world view.
Yeah. With a lot of time to think also you're seeing stuff, you know,
certainly as everyone would see out there,
like poverty levels where you're like, oh, I'm doing fine. Yeah. You know,
but not even that it's more specific, just like, I don't know,
friendly people and like yeah,
just different versions that are positive travelers and plus really getting to a
place where you're like, don't need to do anything, you know,
after a month of that, it's like, okay, you just settle into this. Like,
I dunno, what's today going to bring, right. You know,
you wake up and you're just like, I heard there's this cool tempo there.
We'll go check that out. Maybe there's get on motorbikes and go somewhere.
I heard there's a cool, you just talk to other travelers and be like,
there's a canyon up there. It's really neat to check that out while you're here.
And so you just do, and at some point you're like, you know how,
when you haven't got enough sleep for like a few days in a row,
you got four hours, four hours, four hours, and you sleep like 11 hours.
And you're like, I am completely caught up. Right.
So like not having any responsibility, the stress level goes down, down.
And then it's just like waiting in that zero responsibility life for like,
um, three months in that level, I guess. Wow. You know,
after the first couple of weeks and it's just like, I don't have anything to do.
Just like, oh, I just like relax, man.
I would leave a city when it felt like the right time to leave a city, you know,
it wasn't even like a regular vacation where you're like, come on,
we gotta do this. Then move right. A reservation somewhere. Yeah.
It was just like, relax. And then I could just think about things,
my art form in general, people in my life,
you know what I want and don't want, I'd have like moments of just like,
Hey, take a 10 hour bus. There's no wifi. You know,
you're just like thinking for awhile. Okay. Yeah.
Tons of moments like that. How did you know.
When to end it?
Um, so I, um, I was going to come back for this show.
Um, but then I remembered my, my manager, my friend, Eric.
They wanted to do a show at third man records in Nashville, uh, for their,
for the wild west comedy festival.
And I forgot about that because people ask me, when do you have to go back?
Like travels? I made, I was like, I'm open to,
there are so many people that were just traveling open.
Wow. Yeah. That's really common. I mean.
Three months is like a norm. You have some people six months or a year I met,
I met an Italian girl who was going on her five and a half,
fifth and a half years just traveling.
Five and a half years. Just traveling.
She'd find jobs every once in a while. Wow. Yeah. And, uh, it's just,
um, she goes where she wants.
It's very appealing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very fascinating. Right.
That's like nobody writes books about a guy who stays in his town that he grew
up.
The book is about the crazy traveler person all over the world and a backpack
and yeah. But.
There's three months, people all over America doing that.
I know there's a lot of tent people. There's a lot of people that like,
they'll get like a truck, you know, like some sort of, uh, get off the grid,
CV thing.
And they drive it around the campgrounds and they camp and they use the showers
at the campgrounds and then they do stuff enough for money so that they have gas
and they keep traveling around and hope their car doesn't break down.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
This girl picked oranges and Sydney for like two months.
I had this dude on Chris cage. He walked the Appalachian trail.
Wow. Yeah. That's Georgia all the down and stuff.
I don't know. How do you survive?
You would never make it. You would never make it.
What do you mean?
Well, you'd never make it. If you're just trying to kill animals all the way.
You'd never make it. So how do you eat?
You'd have to be an elite hunter and you still might not ever make it because
you're not. If you're carrying that food around, it's going to go bad.
You're walking through Georgia in the summer, mean, you know, critters Credit.
Do you not gonna get enough? Just really? Yeah. You'll starve.
It's way harder to kill an animal than people think.
That's what they do. It's like let's camp. Get some dinner, dude. Eat.
It's way harder. It's way harder. Yeah. Yeah. You're not getting,
unless you're walking around with several high powered rifles and scopes and
you're setting up, you know where the animals are, the here you come,
when you're walking, you're not going to be able to walk all the way to Maine.
Oh.
And maybe that's you, but experienced hunter like me. I don't understand. So,
uh, you have to get in their heads. Bam.
They go to restaurants, they buy food, they stay in hostels. You know, they,
they have these little, uh,
camping spots where they have covered shelters and people share them.
Yeah. There's a lot of that too, where it's just like, oh, forget about your,
like what you need in terms of like hotels. Yep. That's all out. You need a bed.
That's all you need.
So some people, they carry it on their back. There's a thing called a bivy sack.
You know, Navy sack is a bivy sack is like either a bivy or Sacra bivy tent.
Um, they're like essentially a, like a combination sleeping bag tent.
Oh cool. And it's super light pull, pull up, um,
a picture of a bivy tent.
Yeah. That's one of the reasons I didn't go to south America because I was like,
there's going to be more camping.
It seems like up and down the coast and stuff like cities. And I'm just like,
I dunno if I can camp alone for that long.
You might freak out. Yeah.
Be hard to get a good night's sleep round. A bunch of weirdos,
speak their language. This is what they look like. Oh, neat.
So you keep that thing, they wrap it up, put it on their back.
It's pretty light.
Ran it off you. Yeah.
It's basically like just this tiny, little tent.
And like, if you were a minimalist hiker,
like if you're some guy was trying to walk 50 miles or something crazy,
like these guys,
they try to carry as light stuff as they can and try to go as minimal as they
can. And that's one way that they do that.
And then a lot of times they'll use like a little air mattress like that dude
has a little, uh, oh, wow.
Blow it up. Don't take up any space. Yeah.
Just got to hope it doesn't pop. Oh yeah. Otherwise you're sleeping on rocks.
It's hard.
But that was what everybody did to traveling for this backpack test.
You just got to make it work. Space was like a, a
that's another thing you learn too. It's like, I don't need much stuff. Yeah.
You go down to like, you know,
just a backpack full of that's all your belongings. Right? You buy anything,
you throw something out.
Yeah, man.
Like there's a real movement right now towards minimalism
or where people are trying to pair the life down as much as possible.
Yeah.
I think people don't want to get involved with like banks and having to like
mortgage themselves and their lifestyle just for the sake of having things. Yep.
When they're like,
and so they get into like stuff like camping and hiking waltz.
Also, you got to think like, what do you really appreciate?
What's important to you. And what's really important to you. Yeah.
Cause you don't have forever. Right.
So what is important to you because you only have 24 hours in a day,
so what's important to you find out what the that is and do more of that
and try to figure out like how to,
how to make enough money so that you're not starving that you're doing well,
but don't just chase that chase. What you're trying to do.
I did the point system attached to it. The monetary point system.
It can get you all up because it'll get you working like 12 hours a day,
13 hours to get what, to get more stuff, to get better stuff,
to get more prestigious stuff, to get stuff that you know, all your other stuff,
having friends are really jealous of your stuff.
And you're just going to die, bro. If you can, long term,
I mean like what are you getting out of it now? That's right.
That's what's most important. Yeah. A ton of people that are like,
I don't want that. So I'm just going to do a job, you know,
working on a tugboat in Seattle for few months,
save up money and then go enjoy myself. Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a lot of people that are just choosing to look at everything that they
can see experienced every new place that they can go to.
That Henry Rollins podcast, man, it's a world changer. Yeah.
That crazy is fascinating. He's a fast,
I never met anybody like him. He's really.
Fascinated. He goes and does.
Stuff at sea stuff. It was just also his lit outlook,
how he simplifies all the things that are wrong with him and all the things that
are wrong with the way he interacts with people.
And so this is what I'm going to do. And it's gonna, you know,
like he's like his, his, um,
story about being given was a Ritalin was Ritalin, right?
From the time he was like five for as a young boy,
they gave him Ritalin until senior year of high school. So he was like,
I would just be on these pills. I'd be like all day at the end of the day,
like boom. He was like crash. And then they do it again. I mean,
they were juicing them up with this crazy stuff from like,
he was an experimental case.
I grew up in, from what I understand, he's from Potomac, Maryland,
which is same counties where I grew up in. But he,
that was the richer part of town. Um, not that he was a rich kid,
but like Montgomery county is one of the richest counties in America. And like,
that was just a standard thing. Like if your kid's not performing,
ideally he's learning disabled. Give him some pills. Right.
Crazy. Yeah. That people thought for awhile, that was the way to go.
I just, uh,
it just fascinating that he so like Henry so intense and
he so like is he's got like these rock solid fix
this view of the world. It's very egalitarian, very open,
but also very aggressive. Very interesting.
And this is why I believe no matter what. Yes. He's like, oh yeah, for sure.
I've thought about this and here's the answer.
No, I super enjoyed talking to him. Thanks for looking that up.
I'm glad it worked out, but I was like, all right, I got back. I was like,
true link up with them. You're like, yeah, we did. It's a good pack. I was like,
oh hell yeah.
Yeah. It was really good.